[PR-18272] Add docs for phone number gating (#288)
talkable/talkable-docs: source/advanced_features/phone_number_gating.rst

.. _advanced_features/phone_number_gating:
.. include:: /partials/common.rst

.. meta::

>    :description: Phone number feature you can collect customers' phone numbers inside your campaigns and use them for promotions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :description: Phone number feature allows you to collect customers' phone numbers inside your campaigns and use them for promotions.
```

Phone number gating
===================

> Phone number feature you can collect customers' phone numbers inside your campaigns and use them for promotions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Phone number feature allows you to collect customers' phone numbers inside your campaigns and use them for promotions.
```

You can set the phone number as a required field for customers to join the campaign or get a reward.
Setting can be found inside ``Campaign → Rules → Extra section`` for both Advocate and Friend.

.. image:: /_static/img/advanced_features/phone_number_gating_for_advocate.png

.. note::

  Currently, phone number gating can be enabled only with enabled email gating.

Inside the campaign, you can change the default setting for the consent checkbox.

.. image:: /_static/img/advanced_features/phone_number_campaign_settings.jpg

> AppStore

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Synchronization with ESPs
```

--------

> You can configure AppStore apps to sync your opt-ins with your phone number.

Reviewer 2: I'd clarify that it is not just phone sync, but ability to add phone number to a request payload in case person did **email** opt in. But it doesn't mean person opted in by phone or phone is synced automatically.

> You can configure AppStore apps to send opt-ins with a customer phone number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure AppStore apps to send opt-ins with a customer’s phone number.
```

> You can configure AppStore apps to send opt-ins with a customer’s phone number.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can configure App store apps to send opt-ins with a customer’s phone number.
```
